do you see how smart I am and look
inside my brain right now I'm smart okay
and you know what else you have to hit
that like button now that you've looked
inside of my brain because it's a like
button that's inside of my brain what
also subscribe if you're new hit the
little bell to turn on notifications and
today guys we are doing another dumb run
remember I did that with Henry a while
back well today I'm doing it with Ian
and it gets kind of weird okay
that's basically it man enjoy the video
use cocaine in the atom shop and enjoy
the video twice said it twice enjoy
three times and that is why he's my
second dumbest friend my dumbest friend
though still remains to be Henry are you
ready for this 50 level dumb Ronnie in
the way the but you have a stroke what'd
I tell you about that the person that
finishes first it's the dumbest and you
want to be the dumbest okay in three two
one
also shout-out to plants for making this
map fall time after coming front plate
oh really did you start it before me
brother
a little sweater your little turtlenecks
wearing wearing sweater
sweary wait you're swearing no no
Russell do videos hey what's out here
it's sulfides really dumb and easy
except Ian messed me up on that one
Ian I hate you so much really do you
guys see why he's my dumbest friend now
actually I yeah I just demoted you the
dumbest okay can you stop it you never
can you flip and flop
no I can't flop dude you know I feel off
please uh-huh Joshua level suck believe
excuse me did you just throw up in your
mouth no yes you did but you gotta be
flipping my gears and bending my knees
I'm taking my carrots and put them in
your eye dude what the heck did you just
I've made a new meme okay I just came up
with it I'm tired of bending my knees
and flipping my gears at this point here
we go
here we go come on
me up I love I speed but I want to beat
fleein flow Flay
what's a flight are crap filet mignon
dit oh gosh
ah mommy why mommy right at the dance
are you kidding me Ian did you just not
use oh my goodness that is salt oh you
might you understand what you did I feel
so dumb I thought you just rotted I'm
wasting time
ah mother whatever you want I'm on level
14 well I'm a level 10 ass because
you're about what see what Oh mother and
what you might end up being the dumbest
out of both of us if you finish this
first okay all right with that
at least I'm pretty are you no I'm not
you're literally not even pretty and so
are you offering yeah I love you Wow I'm
gonna team 13 okay good I'm a level 13
I'm catching up to the fleece nurse
what's a falconer that's you oh that's
your new nickname everybody called him
fleece nurse did you even make sense
haiji it does make plans it gosh make
Flynn's 16 Oh 19 okay good perfect
ah mother I'm so sorry you guys have to
witness me right now okay
yeah I'm sorry they after witness you
ever good man I'm a beautiful man ah
good there we go 17 Yes Mother
wait you're only at 17 that's cute well
you're cute thank 18 did you just say
thank now they okay good
nineteen oh yeah now fletching up to you
dude you're not saying words
I'm definitely fletching right now Oh
jeepers big yikes oh that's a big guy
curse
okay I just got dead there we go good
job Ian I'm a level 24
mother uh what no I do the set did you
also bounced into the bounce pad when
you were in Paul saying is that what
happens you Autobot like you that's what
happened to you too isn't it
that's what happened I'm on chiefly and
I'm not a fleet yes you are okay 22 what
level are you on dude bet you're not
even ahead of me anymore yeah big guys
you can walk through the top that's why
you said big hikes oh did you fall for
that - dude yep oh gosh we have boss you
boost with the board okay
okay why what
oh my foot nurse what's this
okay good I did it again if you have a
buddy break the flying thing okay okay
never mind I don't have a buddy he's not
my friend
definitely okay this we're already
halfway there do charter you halfway
there mommy
Oh 27:26
you're not even that far ahead of me
that oh geez wide when I said that I
died you can live in my carrots dude
what is it why do you say carrots now
hey if you guys know what I'm saying
here deaf illegal what is a fleegle
you know you're not gonna know our lingo
around these parts yeah
27:30 okay well stop pranking I know how
old you are
dang it came with that singer before
you'd go 3d dad yeah I'm actually 31 and
everybody knows that not you you're not
a truth you know what you're old and
that's why I'm gonna win not it you're
not a true friend I don't know my real a
well I don't know my own age 30 wait
you're 30 31 no I'm not
hey good good good 32 hey and how you
flew it yeah
I don the flu
I'm fletching up to flu here we go
and you thought you thought thank you oh
I can do this with ice feet not about
kidding me not a pro I'm gonna win
though that was cheating dude that was
cheating oh oh wow what the hackers
what'd you get boy that's what you get
boys your socks off okay wait I got this
though hey guys hit that like button if
you think I got this I'm gonna do it
flip flip flip a later flip flip flip a
little
dang it in ummm you dumb idiot man I'm
gonna sue you can't sue me I'll do it
okay okay no 35 boy we out here here
mommy mother mother 35 for 35 what's up
dude I'm out here too dude Hey Oh
jeepers creepers dude this is actually
not easy I said I'm running everything
but I guess I'm not dumb enough to do it
up you know oh oh wait is there another
troll tell me about it right now oh did
it look up Oh what up
Oh haha
what's up bein you sock dude oh no this
seems to be a visual aid so you're gonna
what he went that way tingle well how
would I know which way you went
Ian our rock-paper-scissors whoever
loses has to test it okay three two one
go Oh easy goodbye in I'm ahead of you
now
idiot
I know idiot
daddy come on oh did you make that 38:38
oh gosh I'm not good at this
you're so bad at impulse aids getting
better all right this is a movie what
the crap is a muddy do you think I know
you say words and I'm like what does it
mean and you're like what you literally
invented the foot meme and you're
confused by me that's not a good sign
for me ah where am I going mother oh my
goodness this one is tough isn't it are
you feeling in do you think you're gonna
do it easy oz flip and dang it you
talkative right in front of me and you
suck so much I hate you oh I miss mommy
I never go boys yeah I'm doing it stop
laughs you got me like that
well don't be a bot why sorry I'm
getting very upset right now I'm getting
triggered the only reason the unit's
ahead of me right now is because I made
a technical difficulty Phillipe Lee who
literally believe me Lee it does make
sense yeah I don't know what to say
right now oh my goodness hit that like
button every time I fail guys please
someone likes at least I suck so much I
saw it so much I saw it so much ah
nailed it nailed it why am i bad why am
i bad and why is everything I lost the
bet oh yes yes yes 39 I'm level 39 I'm
level 39 I'm level 30
dang I fell good luck on 39 Peter tell
me I don't have to redo that Oh jeepers
dude holy crap did you don't work top I
got over that dude that day can't be
healthy I don't think anything you do is
healthy really
Oh jeepers oh this one dude oh my
goodness how did you do this bounce pad
one fleein just gotta get good boy
well I am Wow do I do we have so many
moves do you guys like our memes hey let
us know if you like our memes guys I
think you know what fleen oh gotta be
flipping me oh I just punched my hand
watch me nae nae watch me whip watch me
nae nae watch me whip watch me nae nae
watch me whip oh what the heck is this
yes good luck with this boy am yep
that does not look fun no not at all
yeah you're not having fun are you know
I'm actually pooping all over the floor
right now not in real life
ah oh wait I found the way oh I'm here
yeah good luck beating that part boy did
it no you did I knew do we know oh I did
it I did it I'm here I'm here I'm a
nobody one you're a body in you're a bot
flawed that doesn't make sense what that
was me wadding what do you mean I know
what it was but why was it Matt -
because I wanted then I squatted oh I
did it what do you mean what do you mean
what do you mean what do you mean what
do you mean when you nod your head and
flashed oh yeah can you stop it what
okay you get over here dude I can't
figure out how to do this I need help
for my daddy I have a hundred ping right
now well stop crying about it
Oh oh my goodness I'm the dumbest person
alive yeah you are
oh my goodness I just had to dock wait I
mean don't I didn't duck got it so that
comes out right there so now a duck oh
I'm the best
I hate that like fun guys I'm ahead of
him now I'm ahead of him Oh nailed it Oh
what is this oh I just got a run okay
okay gosh dang it please take a carrot
and stick it in my eyeball oh god why I
don't know you didn't know you just had
to duck here no it took me a while to
freaking out oh you're such a body I'm
not I'm just dumb and that's why we're
playing the Dom run guys if your IQ IQ
is higher than mine and hit that like
button see however many likes this video
gets is how high your IQ is guys oh I'm
good at this dude I'm good at this
mommy mommy mommy mommy I just go like
this what excuse me I'm gonna well I'm
autumn soon
yeah yeah hate you oh thank you are you
beating me
ah I don't know what that sound was
don't question it guys you've got to do
a spawn protection I'm on to you
easy Oh easy
Oh jeepers creepers what hey goodbye in
what happened Oh ain't nothing but an
impulse you really have it nah crap you
can't run on that thing
oh just that's what I like that
nothing ah so maybe you can jump ah I
hate you game oh I got it I think how do
you make this yeah that's why I don't
know how easy
oh gosh oh geez oh gosh oh this is easy
what what wait what oh I know what to do
but no I here we go are you kidding me
oh we up here boys 49 did you actually
do it
yep yep did you do what I did Ian why
you know I got the duck I got another
checkpoint yeah
[Laughter]
all right I'm going bye
okay I'm here I hate you so much you are
the most annoying person I know
do you want to go first I'm going dude
oh I did it
mother hello 50 little 50 mirror I hate
you no two levels left thigh big how
many are there 52 oh this one is tough
lien yeah Oh 51 but you did it oh if you
want get out
no I want to win this one I want to be
the dumbest one out of us too okay
because right now you're definitely in
the lead with Tom oh no oh no I want to
cry
I want to say what what I'm gonna say
who oh well done but wait this is the
last level it's a tall wall good luck
good luck all that is so dumb what's in
here no
this is the final level again all right
well I gotta start somewhere
Oh why Matt Baker is a job why does it
stop doing the thing I'm telling it to
man the next day come on come on
Oh No okay okay I think I got it I think
I get it you literally don't you haven't
even been close Ian what do you mean
we've got to run out of impulses they
keep spawning no they don't
oh I got it no I don't create it look at
me look up here I'm doing it I'm doing
it I'm doing it ready
almost here dude regarless air dude oh
god I don't want to do this again I
never want to play another dumb run in
my life and I am officially the dumbest
out of us to you yes I don't know if
that's xiiith paying it that's not good
is it
what happened what happened is you're
dying the dumbest thought of us - I just
celebrated it but I actually think it's
bad yeah it's pretty bad you probably
shouldn't celebrate a nice time better
at it you know death ones the new I
guess are you dancing dude yeah if you
guys enjoyed this make sure to dance on
that like button go subscribe to Sundy I
guess we love you guys and there's
anything you want to say um that was
rude